# Android-System-for-Car-Accedent-managemnt-System
Cities communities are confronting difficulties with the anticipated  populace development and the subsequent expanded urban travel request. Street wellbeing is a significant issue in urban arranging. Much of the exact research on street security and deciding the likelihood of accident has concentrated on the accident occasions. The street accident is one of the central regions of study in Kurdistan of Iraq.  While human error and mechanical failure are regular causes of street auto collisions, the significance of spatial elements has been thought few. Characterizations of street accidents are by and large dependent on the accessible information related to the accident itself, for example, time of day, kind of damage, sort of vehicle, and so forth. This can regularly restrain the comprehension of the complexities of street accidents which can be the result of various ecological, social and financial elements dismissed by the  standard accident information gathering. Investigation of the street accident, especially the spatial examples of accident requires further consideration. Then again, one of the most consuming issues is about foreseeing auto collisions. Predicting crash on the street can be accomplished by characterization investigation, a data mining methodology requiring enough information to assemble a learning model. To improve foreseeing exactness, amended information is ordered into a few gatherings, to which grouping examination is applied. An assortment of research has been done on information gathered through police records covering a restricted part of expressways. The development of traffic streams on thruways, particularly under accident, is urgent to comprehension and lessening the effect of accident. Association rule mining technique is applied to distinguish conditions in which an accident may happen and the outcomes can be used to put some accident counteractive action endeavors in the regions identified for various classes of mishaps to survive the number of disasters. This framework utilizes a prescient model for accident forecast, examinations mishaps brought about by individual key components and focuses explicitly on accident that happens on interstates. This framework can be helpful for any normal man for data, which is given in an easy to understand GUI and helps the traffic official for essential leadership and detailing of an accident. The dataset will contribute to the extraction of principles from example saw in accident identified with spatial qualities. This framework likewise gives direction to government specialists associated with street arranging.
